global: Normalize isIpv4/6 to isIPv4/6 (#8441)
PowerDNS/pdns: docs/upgrading.rst

See the `3.X <https://doc.powerdns.com/3/authoritative/upgrading/>`__
upgrade notes if your version is older than 3.4.2.

4.2.x to 4.3.0
--------------

> - Netmask class methods ``isIpv4`` and ``isIpv6`` has been deprecated in Lua, use :func:`Netmask.isIPv4` and :func:`Netmask.isIPv6` instead. In C++ API these methods have been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Netmask class methods ``isIpv4`` and ``isIpv6`` have been deprecated in Lua, use :func:`Netmask.isIPv4` and :func:`Netmask.isIPv6` instead. In the internal C++ API these methods have been removed.
```
